Now because a question is created by user and we have defined that in our questions table we
also need to make kind of relationship
in both question and user model.
So let's go back to our editor
and open
question model
and here
let's define relationship method. A question
is belongs to user. So here
I'll call it
user in singular.
And inside this method let's call this this model is belongs to User model
OK.
So by doing this we can do something like this question let's say question
find one.
And then we can get the information of the user who create that question like this.
It should be
Question. Question
user name like this. Or question user email or other information that user have.
OK
Let's also define some attributes so that they are able to mass assignment.
So here protected fillable and then specify the attributes for the columns at least for now it
will be title
and body.
Next let's open the user model.
And in this model let's also define relationship method
I'll call it questions
so questions in plural.
And inside this method we'll call return
this this model has many questions
and last thing that we need to do because we have slug column in questions table and we don't want to
fill it manually at least for now.
So let's define a muttator for title attribute
so remember a mediator is always start with a set then the attribute name.
In this case title and end with attribute
and here value.
So and when we enter something to titles attribute we'll do something.
So here
So here we just need to assign the value to title attribute this attributes title equals value
like so. Then we'll also assign to slug attribute the value.
But here we'll call Laravel  str_slug function helper to convert the string into slug format.
So let me open tinker
and here I'll define a variable str equals my first question. And now I'll call str_slug and then
pass in the str variable as argument. As you see here
the string was converted to slug format or a lower cased string with a dash separator between the words.
So basically here the slug  attribute will be fill
with title that has been converted to slug format.
OK
save that.
And that's it for this lesson.
So let's save our work to our local repo. Switch over to our terminal I'll quit from tinker.
And here let's see the changes by typing git status.
Here we can see all changes that we made.
I'll clean my console
and here
let's add these files my typing git add all
and commit the changes to our repo git commit -m and you can tell whatever you like but here I'll
say generate question model via artisan
model generator.
OK now let's push the changes to our remote repository.
git push origin lesson-2.
All right
now if we switch to master branch git checkout master.
We are not going to have our code that we already pushed up.
So here
we don't have question model and create question table migration file.
It's no problem actually what we have to do is merge our master branch with our new branch.
So git merge lesson-2 ok
as we can see everything that we merged in is available on master branch. Last
let's also push our master branch to our remote repo git push origin master.
OK great
So now that we have questions table in our database and a question model that represent that table for
our project. In the next lesson we are going to pre-populate the questions table as well as users table with
some data using something called modal factories.